samples: matter: Disabled BLE+NFC advertising after the device's boot (#7359)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/matter/light_switch/README.rst

    :end-before: matter_door_lock_sample_commissioning_end

Before starting the commissioning procedure, the device must be made discoverable over Bluetooth LE.

> The device is not discoverable automatically upon the device startup user must press **Button 4** to enable the Bluetooth LE advertising.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the device is not discoverable automatically upon startup and **Button 4** must be used to enable the Bluetooth LE advertising.
```
